docs/community/support.md, before:

# Support

:octicons-heart-24: &nbsp; While this module is not supported by VMware Support Services, it is supported by the project maintainers and its community of users.

:octicons-issue-opened-24: &nbsp; Use the GitHub [issues][issues] to report bugs or suggest enhancements.

:octicons-thumbsup-24: &nbsp; Issues are monitored by the maintainers and are prioritized based on criticality and community [reactions][reactions].

:octicons-search-24: &nbsp; Before opening an issue, please [search the issues][issues-search] and use the reactions to add votes to matching issues. Please include as much information as you can. Details like these are incredibly useful in helping the us evaluate and prioritize any changes:

- A reproducible test case or series of steps.
- Any modifications you've made relevant to the bug.
- Anything unusual about your environment or deployment.

:octicons-comment-discussion-24: &nbsp; You can also start a discussion on the GitHub [discussions][discussions] area to ask questions or share ideas.

[issues]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting/issues
[discussions]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting/discussions
[issues-search]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-reporting/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug
[reactions]: https://github.blog/2016-03-10-add-reactions-to-pull-requests-issues-and-comments/

Commit message:

chore(deps): update dependencies
- Updated `VMware.PowerCLI` module dependency from v13.2.1 to v13.3.0.
- Updated `PowerValidatedSolutions` module dependency from v2.11.0 to v2.12.1.

Signed-off-by: Ryan Johnson <ryan.johnson@broadcom.com>

docs/community/support.md, after:

# Support

:octicons-heart-24: &nbsp; This module is community-driven and maintained by the project
contributors. It is not officially supported by Broadcom Support but thrives on collaboration and
input from its users.

:octicons-issue-opened-24: &nbsp; Use the GitHub [issues][issues] to report bugs or suggest
enhancements.

:octicons-thumbsup-24: &nbsp; Issues are monitored by the maintainers and are prioritized based on
criticality and community [reactions][reactions].

:octicons-search-24: &nbsp; Before opening an issue, please [search the issues][issues-search] and
use the reactions to add votes to matching issues. Please include as much information as you can.
Details like these are incredibly useful in helping the us evaluate and prioritize any changes:

- A reproducible test case or series of steps.
- Any modifications you've made relevant to the bug.
- Anything unusual about your environment or deployment.

:octicons-comment-discussion-24: &nbsp; You can also start a discussion on the GitHub [discussions][discussions]
area to ask questions or share ideas.

[issues]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/issues
[issues-search]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Abug
[discussions]: https://github.com/vmware/powershell-module-for-vmware-cloud-foundation-password-management/discussions
[reactions]: https://github.blog/2016-03-10-add-reactions-to-pull-requests-issues-and-comments/
